Clean up readme and install docs (#5287)
plone/volto: README.md

For links to trainings and videos, see [Other learning resources](https://6.docs.plone.org/volto/getting-started/others.html).

## Supported Node.js versions

Volto runs using [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/).
We recommend using the current LTS version (18.x).

- Node.js 20: Supported since Volto 17
- Node.js 18 (LTS): Supported since Volto 17.
- Node.js 16: No longer supported. It was supported from Volto 14 - 16
- Node.js 14: No longer supported. It was supported from Volto 8.8.0 - 16
- Node.js 12: No longer supported. It was supported from Volto 4 - 15
- Node.js 10: No longer supported. It was supported from Volto 1 - 12

### Supported Plone and Python versions

Volto is the default UI for Plone 6, so it will work for all Plone 6 released versions.

For the Plone 5 series, the latest released version of Plone 5 (with Python 3) is recommended (at the time of writing 5.2.14).

The versions of Python that are supported in Volto depend on the version of Plone that you use.

| Plone | Python       | Volto        |
| ----- | ------------ | ------------ |
| 6.0   | 3.8-3.11     | 16.0 or 17.0 |
| 5.2   | 2.7, 3.6-3.8 | 15.0         |

## Supported browsers

> Volto works well with any modern (evergreen) browser, including their mobile

Author: ```suggestion
Volto works well with the current version of any modern browser, including their mobile flavors: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and Edge.
```
